doc: add min deposit amounts (#320)
axelarnetwork/axelarate-community: resources/testnet-releases.md

------------- | ------------- | -------------
v0.10.7 | 0 | 14700
v0.13.0 | 14701 | N/A

> # Minimum deposit amounts

Reviewer: Maybe say by destination chains?

------------- | ------------- | -------------
v0.10.7 | 0 | 14700
v0.13.0 | 14701 | N/A

# Minimum transfer amounts

> For each asset X in (AXL, UST, LUNA) and each external chain Y in (Ethereum, non-Ethereum EVM, Cosmos/IBC) any transfer of asset X to/from chain Y must exceed the minimum amount given in the table below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each asset X in (AXL, UST, LUNA) and each external chain Y in (Ethereum, non-Ethereum EVM, Cosmos/IBC) any transfer of asset X to chain Y must exceed the minimum amount given in the table below.

Note: If a smaller amount is deposited, it'll be stuck in the queue until another deposit is made to the same deposit address bringing the total above the minimum.
```

Author: added more clarification
